Project Title: Pac-man

Team members: William Wong
							Shan Lu

Section: A2

Description: Our project is based on pac-man game. We will generate a single map for the pac-man
					to eating dots and four ghosts to chase the pac-man. The user can use the keyboad to move
					the pac-man around the map to eat dots to gain scores. The ghost will chase the pac-man, if
					the ghost touches the pac-man, pac-man will lose a life, the game will be over when the pac-man
					loses all lifes. When the pac-man eats all dots on the map, it will go to the next level (same
					map, but the ghosts will be faster). Also, there are 4 energizer (big dots) on the map, when the
					pac-man eat the energizer, the ghost will change its color and the pac-man can eat the ghost in this
					mode, the ghost will go back to it's home when it's eaten by the pac-man.

Milestones:
				(March 10th to March 17th)
				Milestone 1: Creating the map and allowing the pac-man to move around the map by the keyboards.
									Also, the pac-man can gain the score by eating dots on the map.

				(March 18th to 29th)
				Milestone 2: Creating 4 ghosts with different ways of chasing the pac-man. The ghosts have 3 modes: 1. Chase
									2. Scatter 3. Frightened. Add four energizers on the map. The pac-man can eat the energizer, and in
									the next few seconds it can eat the ghost to get points and make the ghost return to the ghost home.
									Also, the pac-man will have three lifes.

				(March 30th to April 7th)
				Milestone 3: Add the high score table, more levels.Add some fruits randomly on the map, the pac-man will gain
									high scores by eating the fruits.

Description: 		Our project is based on the classic arcade game Pac-Man. Pac-Man
							is a player that eats various items to clear the level while
							ghosts try to catch him before he reaches his goal. We will
							generate a single map for Pac-Man and the ghosts to move in. The
							user can control Pac-Man using the keyboard, eating dots in order
							to clear the level and get a score. The ghosts will chase Pac-Man,
							and if the ghosts successfully reach Pac-Man, Pac-Man will lose
							one of his lives. The game is over when Pac-Man loses all his
							lives. In order to clear the level, Pac-Man must eat all the dots
							in the map. The next levels will have the same map, but the ghosts
							will get faster up until a cap. In order to fight the ghosts,
							there are bigger dots on the map called energizer dots that when
							Pac-Man eats them, the ghosts will turn blue and Pac-Man can eat
							them once. Eating them will bring them back to their spawnpoint,
							ready to chase Pac-Man again.

Milestones:
				Milestone 1(March 10 - March 17): 	Create the map that Pac-Man and the
											ghosts will move around in. Create Pac-Man and allow him
											to move around using the keyboard. Create the dots that
											Pac-Man can eat and get points.
				Milestone 2(March 18 - March 29):		Create four ghosts to chase Pac-Man.
											Ghosts will have different ways of catching Pac-Man. Give
											the ghosts three modes:
												1. Chase: In this mode, the ghosts will chase Pac-Man.
												2. Scatter: In this mode, the ghosts will run in circles.
												3. Frightened: In this mode, the ghosts will run away
														from Pac-Man.
											Add energizer dots onto the map. Eating the energizer dots
											will grant Pac-Man a buff for a couple of seconds. Ghosts
											will go into Frightened mode, and Pac-Man can eat the
											ghosts for more points. Eating them will bring them back
											to their spawn. Give Pac-Man three lives.
				Milestone 3(March 30 - April 7): Add the high score table and the levels.
											Add some extra fruits to the map that spawn randomly,
											in which when Pac-Man eats it, gives him extra points.
